#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
babel==2.17.0
    # via mkdocs-material
backrefs==5.9
    # via mkdocs-material
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.7.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   griffe
    #   mkdocs-material
coverage==7.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
griffe==1.7.3
    # via mkdocstrings-python
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
markdown==3.8.2
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocstrings
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
mkdocs==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==1.4.2
    # via
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocs-get-deps==0.2.0
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs-material==9.6.15
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocstrings[python]==0.29.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocstrings-python==1.16.12
    # via mkdocstrings
packaging==25.0
    # via mkdocs
paginate==0.5.7
    # via mkdocs-material
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via mkdocs
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via mkdocs-get-deps
psutil==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.2
    # via mkdocs-material
pymdown-extensions==10.16
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via ghp-import
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==1.1
    # via mkdocs
requests==2.32.4
    # via mkdocs-material
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
starlette==0.47.1
    # via fastapi
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   starlette
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via mkdocs
